Alphalab scanpath tutorial rework (#624)
pupil-labs/pupil-docs: src/alpha-lab/scanpath-rim.md

</div> 
<br>

::: tip
Picture this: Build and customise scanpath visualisations with your Reference Image Mapper exports!
:::

## Visualising gaze exploration with scanpaths

> Scanpaths are graphical representations of gaze over time. As shown in the video above, they contain fixation locations 
> (blue numbered circles) and saccades made between fixations (blue connecting lines). The size of the circles reflect 
> fixation durations, with longer fixations corresponding to bigger circles. The length of the connecting lines reflect 
> saccadic amplitudes, with larger gaze shifts corresponding to longer lines. Scanpaths offer a glimpse into how the 
> observer has focused their attention on different aspects of the scene, which is a valuable tool for understanding a 
> person's visual attention and perception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scanpaths are graphical representations of gaze over time. Scanpaths offer a glimpse into how the observer has focused their attention on different aspects of the scene, which is a valuable tool for understanding a person's visual attention and perception. The video above shows:
- Fixation locations are visualized as blue numbered circles. Saccades are shown with blue lines connecting fixations. 
- Fixation duration is mapped to circle size. Longer fixations corresponding to bigger circles. 
- Lines visualize saccades. Longer lines correspond larger saccadic amplitude (larger shifts in gaze). 

```

Reviewer: I think a bullet list might be better here to break up this paragraph.

In this guide, we will show you how to generate both static and dynamic scanpath visualisations using your Reference 
Image Mapper exported data.

::: tip
Before continuing, ensure you are familiar with the [Reference Image Mapper](/enrichments/reference-image-mapper) 
enrichment. Check out [this explainer video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ygqzQEzUIS4&t=56s) for reference.
:::

## Extending current tools
The [Reference Image Mapper](/enrichments/reference-image-mapper) enrichment available in Pupil Cloud is a tool that maps gaze onto
2D images and can subsequently generate heatmaps. However, it currently does not support the production of scanpath visualizations.
Thus, we chose to develop a script that shows you how to build your own scanpaths using Reference Image Mapped data.

## Steps
1. Run a [Reference Image Mapper enrichment](https://docs.pupil-labs.com/enrichments/reference-image-mapper/) and download the results
2. Download [this script](https://gist.github.com/elepl94/9f669c4d81e455cf2095957831219664) and follow the [installation instructions](https://gist.github.com/elepl94/9f669c4d81e455cf2095957831219664#installation)

> ## Review the scanpaths

Reviewer: I would move the video to be shown right after the header above the text.

After the script has completed its execution, you'll find the resulting scanpath visualizations stored in a newly created 
sub-folder named "scanpath." For each participant, you will obtain a reference image with the scanpath superimposed on it. 
You will also find a video featuring a dynamic scanpath overlay. Finally, if you had multiple participants, an aggregated 
visualization combining all participants' scanpaths will be available, enabling a more comprehensive overview of the subjects'
gaze behavior.

> <div style="display: flex; justify-content: space-between;">

Reviewer: Other images come below. I would just leave them as single images in the column, no need to do side by unless you want the reader to compare the two images.
